somebody call for a carpenter that's my
wife's department mrs. grants Dayton the
third I'm on the phone always knew what
she wanted
I'm not paying for your mistakes and she
always got it Jim got a single thing on
this earth to do except for your hair
she had power I taste
what is this deluxe style are you going
to Milan when you do I'm just squeeze it
from my amnesia seems a mystery woman
was picked up by the Elco garbage scow
shortly after midnight excuse me miss
can you tell me your name
of course I know my name's this missing
link person is not my husband welcome
home baby
Oh
what is it
Goldie Hawn Kurt Russell
overboard now Jim
and